# Member Relations

Each member of the cooperative has a contract with the cooperative (i.e. each other member) specifying their contribution to the cooperative
These member contracts are fluid and depend on the skills each member holds. Member contracts specify the languages (has to be more than just computer languages, including 'logo', 'photo composite', etc) that the member knows, and the degree to which (they/the group agrees) they are proficient in them. Members may add or remove skills, and they and the group rank their skill level as they contribute to the group.

These member contracts specify the members' connection to the cooperative. A member whose contract specifies that their primary languages are WordPress and vector illustration will take on different projects than a member whose primary languages are web applications and server administration. Once the team decides with the client what the primary languages of the project will be, members who are fluent in that language or learning the language will be considered more appropriate to the project.

Because everyone is learning (this means that no one has, or can reach a perfect level of fluency in any of the languages), learning a language also includes someone for possible development. They must have indicated their intention to learn previously in their contract. because contracts are fluid, members can indicate their current skills and their reasons for listing them as such (projects or education proved by proof-of-work projects), their current learning paths (must post tutorials or examples of education to stay current), and their future learning paths (these don't need proofs, and are not used in contracts. used when, e.g. member A is working on a project with node.js and wants an (unpaid?) intern. Members who have listed node.js on their future learning paths are eligible for selection. They may or may not be paid but the project will count as experience in that skill and make them eligible for future contracts.)