#Redding Web Developers' Workers' Cooperative

##Introduction

Include statement about context of creator's religious backgrounds, realize that these things have been left undeclared to the shame and guilt, &c

The Internet has more content than humanity has yet seen. It is the most complicated system ever created and helps us to automate our tasks at play and at work. However, mankind still faces its perennial problems: the rich seek to get richer and benefit from the ignorance of the poor. While the Internet is the largest source of information, the quality of the information remains the same. Much of the information on the Internet, and the most readily accessible, is created primarily for the goal of profit. The wealthy employ the less wealthy to create machines to pull in more profit. Money cannot be made, it can only be taken and given.

This being said, the system of wealth exchange relies on value tokens: everyone 'needs' money to survive. Business owners without a selfish thought in their mind, who are only trying to support themselves, may turn to manipulation in the course of their business to bring in more money. Web developers whose goal is only the creation of technically-excellent work may cut corners and produce flawed systems in an effort to meet deadlines, please management, and fulfill a client's request.

It is impossible to right this system in any steps that can be delineated. This problem is endemic to humanity and generations of philosophers and theologians have been unable to create a mechanism to solve it. Therefore, this document should not imply that it can right any of these wrongs. It does, however, describe a system which recognizes this human tendency and attempts to codify a method of transaction that avoids the seeming necessity of moral compromise. It applies this attempt to the foundation of a cooperative web development agency that utilizes the strengths of its members in equal representation, and does so without a governing body except the code through which it is created. It is the hope of this author that platforms like Ethereum will one day make it possible for all organizational government to be codified, allowing the workers within the cooperative to focus on their skills without compromising their time for the sake of bureaucracy. It utilizes the principles of distribution and decentralization, couples them with those same principles as applied through the Internet, and sets a standard for the members of the cooperative.



The job of many if not most web developers presently is to create systems of information ('web sites') for their clients, who are usually businesses looking to promote themselves, either directly or through their products, services, or events. This promotion can broadly be referred to as advertising. Due largely to the influence of Edward Bernays, modern advertising is not simply factual e.g. "Gilette sells razors with four blades on a rotating ball for $6.99". Modern advertising seeks to manipulate potential customers into believing something about their product, a way in which it will positively affect their life. This method of advertising is two-faced, in that it appears to be looking out for the good of others but is motivated by profit. Even advertisers who genuinely believe in the value of the advertised product cannot be qualified to make most of the statements seen in advertising today. In addition, that 'belief' in the value of the product blinds the advertiser to other options, most significantly the motivating principles of the producing entities, and the means for which they will use their profits.
These systems of information which have strayed so far from being purely factual representations of their products have had an unknown but significant effect on modern culture. The wealthy, who have access to education and information unavailable to the poor, use that education to promote their own wealth-gathering systems of information. The poor, ignorant of the system of manipulation inherent in advertising, are convinced to buy and buy. After all, if one believes the messages in advertising, buying a handful of these modern miracle products should make one happy beyond all human reckoning. But this system of consumption destroys the uneducated or unfortunate, leading them to unhappiness by reducing their wealth. Because they still have not seen the method by which they are being oppressed, they blame their unhappiness not on the system of manipulation (therefore freeing themselves from it), but on others, or themselves, leading to destructive tendencies. This also leads many to believe in the existence of conspiracies. The greatest conspiracy is the one in which almost everyone is a conspirator - the conspiracy to assign value to money. Money is just a system of information, a piece of intellectual property. Physical objects have the value of their utility, but money is inherently worthless and only assigned value by consensus - by conspiracy.

My interest is not to equally distribute existing money across all members of humanity. I understand that for a man to eat, he must work. I have no interest in robbing the rich to feed the poor. However I am interested in re-shaping the systems of economy which have allowed the rich to rob the poor under the guise of legality by controlling methods of education while using their knowledge for profit.